The Gaming Room would currently like to develop a web-based game that serves multiple platforms based on their current game. Currently it is available as an Android app only. This game includes multiple games, and each game has multiple teams with multiple players. The game consists of four rounds, each lasting one minute. Drawings will be complete by the thirty second mark, if the team does not guess the puzzle before the time expires the remaining teams have a chance to have one guess with a fifteen second time limit. The staff of The Gaming Room do not know how to set up the environment. 
I created a software design document that contains a lot of information for the developing team. I showed off the design constraints and requirements, both laid out the guidelines of the applications creation. It also showed the UML Diagram which gives an exact layout of each of the classes of this application. Lastly there was an evaluation section which compared the costs and capabilities of each OS on both the client side and server side. This section showed which technologies work on which OS. Lastly, I listed recommendations which showed my recommendations of what to use to create this application based off the requirements. 
I interpreted the user's needs and implemented them into my design by considering each requirement and making sure the application follows each of them. This is super important because this makes the company happy along with following their vision. This document is a very good way to create an application, it lets you clearly see the requirements of the application, along with the best way to achieve the development. This makes it very easy for all developers to create the program if they need to since the entire foundation is laid out in this document.  
